hello I am Alastair and today we are
going to review the princess V 39
brought to you by Boat Show Avenue the
stainless steel guard rails are solid
the helm station is made from quality
materials and the Perrin Andros sink in
the galley shows that there are no
compromises anywhere on this boat the V
39 also incorporates the new resin
infusion technology which is unique to
princess and reduces weight and add
strength to the boat
simultaneously it ensures that the boat
can hold its own in demanding seas
whilst being easy to drive the dinette
seating is arranged around a teak top
table and the wet bar with a built-in
griddle sink and fridge all make for a
great entertaining space down below the
master cabin offers both headroom and
space and lots of light and the mid
cabin has sliding berths which means
within seconds you can make it into a
double the galley is compact yet
cleverly designed and the heads be fit
those found in a boat from a class above
here we have the main salon
we are now entering the guest cabin here
we have the head here we have the shower
we are now in the cockpit
here we have the bow here we have the
stern now in the engine room aft we are
now in the engine room forward
you
we hope you enjoyed this video feel free
to visit Boat Show Avenue comm for more
information and take the opportunity to
see more boats